Add initial source documentation for MFEMMesh, MFEMVariable, and MFEMFESpace. (#46)
aurora-multiphysics/platypus: doc/content/source/fespaces/MFEMFECollection.md

# MFEMFECollection

## Summary

!syntax description /FESpaces/MFEMFECollection

## Overview

Defines a family of finite element shape functions which, along with a mesh choice, is used to

> define a finite element space for MFEM variables to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
define a finite element space for `MFEMVariable`s to use.
```
